h1. rah_privileges

Configure admin-side user-group permissions from Textpattern's 'Admin › Preferences' panel.

h2. Install

"Download":https://github.com/jools-r/rah_privileges/releases a plugin package.

h2. Usage

Open the 'Admin › Preferences' panel and switch to 'Privileges'. Set the checkboxes to permit or disallow access to a particular action or panel for each user group ("publisher", "designer", "staff writer", etc.). This can be an entire panel or a sub-action of a panel (e.g. edit own articles). Privileges introduced by plugins should also be automatically added.

Use with care to avoid locking your users or yourself out of particular parts of the admin area.

h2. Requirements

* Textpattern 4.7.0 or newer.
* PHP 5.3.0 or newer.

h2. Credits

This plugin is a fork of "rah_privileges":https://github.com/gocom/rah_privileges by "Jukka Svahn":https://github.com/gocom. Minor updates and fixes by "jcr":https://github.com/jools-r/rah_privileges/.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.2.0 - 2018/04/01 (additions by jcr)

* Fixed: Textpattern 4.7.x compatibility.
* Changes: Reworked to use pref panel mechanism (gocom).
* Fixed: Labels use pref panel language strings.
* Now requires Textpattern 4.7.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1.3 - 2018/02/03 (fixes by jcr)

* Fixed: Textpattern 4.6.x compatibility.
* Added: Pref panel layout fits better Textpattern 4.6.0 panes.
* Correct plugin type (thanks etc)
* Now requires Textpattern 4.6.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1.1 - 2015/03/04

* Doesn't unnecessarily load the plugin on non-admin pages.

h3. Version 0.1.0 - 2015/03/04

* Initial release.
